"Who was your first celebrity crush?" 
"What movie do you wish you could watch again for the first time?" 
"What is the best superpower?" 
"What emoji best describes how you are feeling right now?" 
"What is your most used phone app?" 
"If you could live in any country, which country would you pick?" 
"Do you know how to speak more than one language?" 
"Would you rather stay at a hotel or an Airbnb?" 
"Which fictional team is the best team of all time?" 
"If you could have an unlimited supply of one thing for the rest of your life, what would you pick?" 
"Imagine you could teleport anywhere. Where would you go right now?" 
"Would you rather live in a city or a town?" 
"What is the worst advice you have been given?" 
"What incredibly common thing have you never done?" 
"What’s the best thing you’ve got going on in your life at the moment?" 
"What was the funniest thing you’ve seen recently online?" 
"What takes a lot of time but is totally worth it?" 
"What’s your favorite type of day? e.g. weather, temp, etc." 
"What website or app doesn’t exist, but you really wish it did?" 
"What is the most amazing fact you know?" 
"What are some of your guilty pleasures?" 
"What has really taken a toll on you?" 
"What’s your favorite car that you’ve owned?" 
"What subjects should be taught in school but aren’t?" 
"What do you highly recommend to most people you meet?" 
"What was the last thing you were really excited about?" 
"What does your perfect breakfast look like?" 
"What tells you the most about a person?" 
"When is the most interesting period in history?" 
"What is the best pair of shoes you have owned?" 
"What’s the weirdest way you have met someone?" 
"What do you wish was illegal?" 
"Who is the most intelligent or creative person you know?" 
"What wastes the most time in your day to day life?" 
"What’s a problem you have, that might be entirely unique to you?" 
"What company or brand did you love until they betrayed your trust?" 
"What do you resent paying for most?" 
"What hobby would you be a lot of fun to get into?" 
"What motivates you?" 
"What skill or talent would you most like to learn?" 
"How handy are you when it comes to fixing things?" 
"What big problem do you think technology will solve next?" 
"What fashion trend needs to be brought back?" 
"What useless facts do you know?" 
"How do you usually get your news?" 
"What smell do you hate that doesn’t seem to bother other people?" 
"What were your favorite television shows when you were growing up?" 
"What do you do to unwind after a hard day?" 
"What are some films that would make it on to your top 50 list of movies?" 
"What slang are you really happy went out of fashion?" 
"What music do you put on when you want to get pumped?" 
"What’s your idea of a great party?" 
"What’s the noblest endeavor a person can dedicate their life to?" 
"What household chore do you actually enjoy?" 
"What TV show are you hooked on or were recently hooked on?" 
"If you had to lose one of your senses, which would you choose to lose?" 
"What’s the best way to stay young?" 
"How good are you at drawing?" 
"Where’s the most surreal area you been to?" 
"What are common misconceptions about your job?" 
"What recent trend are you totally on board with?" 
"What about becoming an adult caught you completely off guard?" 
"How often do you dance?" 
"What kind of art do you appreciate the most?" 
"What’s your favorite way to spend time outdoors?" 
"What card or board games do you like to play?" 
"What are you best at fixing?" 
"What’s something you’re looking forward to?" 
"What are you hilariously bad at?" 
"Are you a cat or dog person or neither? Why?" 
"What do you usually do on your commute to work/school?" 
"What do you think the ideal age to be is?" 
"What toy did you hate most as a child?" 
"What’s your drink of choice? (Either alcoholic or non.)" 
"What food is underrated or under appreciated?" 
"What’s your favorite line from a book or a movie?" 
"What is the best thing you have ever bought?" 
"What catchy jingle or bit of advertising has stuck with you all these years?" 
"What apps do you use most?" 
"What do you geek out about?" 
"What’s your favorite month?" 
"What’s the best concert you’ve been to and why was it so good?" 
"What luxury is totally worth the price?"
"What fictional family would you most like to join?"
"What is your most used emoji?"
"What celebrity do most people say you look like?"
"What weird fashion trend would you bring back?"
"Who is your favorite author?"
"What is your favorite movie genre to watch?"
"What is your favorite thing to eat for breakfast?"
"Are you more productive in the morning or at night?"
"What is something interesting we would not know about you just by looking?"
"What is your comfort show/movie?"
"What was the worst job you ever had?"
"What’s your plan in the event of a zombie apocalypse?"
"You’ve been teleported to the Middle Ages. How would you make a living there?"
"If you could have an animal sidekick, what would it be? Why?"
"A genie appears and grants you a wish for someone else in the world. Who and what do you make a wish for?"
"What smell, image, or sound triggers nostalgia for you?"
"What’s the last thing you did for the first time?"
"If buying groceries were a game, what would one of the loading screen tips be?"
"What was the first thing you thought about when you woke up today?"
"What’s the best phrase or piece of slang people in your hometown use?"
"What book would you like to live in?"
"What’s an obscure TV show or movie that everyone should watch?"
"What’s an under-rated skill everyone can benefit from?"
"Do you have any routines you use to improve your energy and focus?"
"What’s one thing you’ve been procrastinating on and can’t finish?"
"What’s the last thing you completed that you’re proud of?"
"What’s one productivity tool you couldn’t live without?"
"What’s one recent thing or experience that exceeded your expectations?"
"What’s something you want to get better at?"
"What’s your favorite song or soundtrack for doing focused work?"
"If you could safely eat any inedible object, what would it be?"
"What’s the next item on your bucket list?"
"What’s your favorite self-care activity?"
"What are you reading right now?"
"What’s a TV show you recommend to everyone?"
"What’s the most useful thing you own?"
"What’s one characteristic you admire in others?"
"What’s something you do to relieve anger or stress?"
"What’s a thing you do that seems strange to others?"
"What’s a common word or phrase that you don’t like/won’t use?"
"What item do you never travel without?"
"What is a popular movie that you just can’t stand?"
"What’s one thing you’ve changed your mind about lately?"
"What’s something that improved your quality of life so much, you wish you had done it sooner?"
"What’s the craziest thing you’ve ever done?"
"If you did not have to sleep, how would you spend the extra eight hours?"
"What is your favorite smell?"
"What age do you wish you could be permanently?"
"If you were an action figure, what two accessories would you come with?"
"What’s something that always gives you child-like joy?"
"What’s a new habit or practice you’re trying to cultivate?"
"If you could know the absolute and total truth to one question, what question would you ask?"
"How do you approach learning something new?"
"What’s something you find soothing?"
"What’s one thing many people hate but you love?"
"What’s something you would change if you ran the world?"
"If you could go back in time and make a minor change in your childhood, what would it be? What outcome would you anticipate?"
"What are you doing when you feel most alive?"
"What does it feel like to be you right now?"
"If you were handed a megaphone and could blast out one message for the entire world to hear, what would you say?"
"What’s something you learned the hard way over the past year?"
"What’s your one piece of advice to everyone here?"
"What’s one thing you want to do in life but don’t know where to start?"
"What’s a cause or purpose you deeply believe in?"
"What’s something that doesn’t deserve the hate it gets?"
"As a child, what did you want to be when you grew up?"
"What was your favorite breakfast as a kid?"
"What’s something you rebelled against as a kid?"
"What’s something you wish you’d learned earlier in life?"
"What’s one activity that grants you pure escapism?"
"What cartoon would you get up early to watch when you were young?"
"What is one thing you wish you’d been taught in school?"
"What perfectly safe animal do you have an irrational fear of?"
"What type of media consumes a lot of your time?"
"What is the most underrated song that everybody should hear at least once?"
"Do you have any phobias you’d like to break?"
"What was the very first album, tape, or CD you ever purchased?"
"What would you rather be: be invisible or be able to read minds?"
"What was the first concert you attended?"
"What’s the hardest profession?"
"What high school clubs did you participate in?"
"If money were no object, what would your ideal vacation look like?"
"What was the last song/podcast you played on Spotify?"
"What would you be doing right now if money and time were no object?"
"What major issue do you believe technology will address next?"
"What Netflix/streaming show did you binge watch embarrassingly quickly?"
"Other than your phone, keys, and wallet, what do you never leave the house without?"
"What's the most embarrassing thing you've ever accidentally texted someone?"
"Do you think you're an introvert or an extrovert?"
"Where do you want to be in five years?"
"What's the most controversial opinion you have?"